Exercise time, your favorite time.
So, in this and there's a couple different
ways that you can build this, but
I want you to pay attention
to the set timeout in here.
So if we say, where is my taco?
Then you have a button that
says Click me to order a taco.
Click that button and it changes that,
to a taco with an exclamation point.
And then we had a set
quickly set timeout for
a second your order was submitted and
then it went away.
Now, what I want to make sure that you do,
during this exercise is
use a watcher somewhere.
So use a watcher at some point
to change one of the values.
So you can also use a method for
other things.
You can also use a conditional or whatever
you want, but use a watcher somewhere.
If we look at the code pen
we have button at click,
get taco click me to order a taco and
the h2 is where is my taco.
We have our order status
right now is no or
as an empty string and
the order submitted is no.
And I gave you the method of get taco but
I didn't put anything inside of it.
So you have to figure out what
you're gonna put inside of there.